Dinner is divided between you and me.
Ah, that's what the nine saw yesterday,
We've been here for a long time. Dinner, don't be like this.
Dinner, when will you look at me comprehensively.
I just feel that we have been a bit too indiscriminate with her so much at night recently.
Enough points, you are just a pull-up and follower from the bottom of society, and you are not a normal person at all.
You still want her to destroy us.
Oh, this, this is too much.
Don't do this to her, why are you talking to someone else?
He bullies you.
What's wrong with our reasoning?
Do you dare to resist?
But it’s coming
This guy doesn't take me seriously
Please give me a song to thank him first.
I don't think it's better if I offend you.